INTRODUCTION:
As you already know, my name is Alicia Jane Medina, or you can call me Ali,
just like my classmates and friends refer to me. From our previous lessons,
while studying programming, I have basic knowledge of Python, which we learned
during our Data Structures and Algorithm Course. I also know the basics of
Java and MySQL, which we learned in our first years. I can say I have some
back-end experience since we used Firebase during Application Development 1
and Firebase is a type backend-as-a-service. I also know HTML, CSS, and the
basics of Javascript in front-end development experience.


COURSE EXPECTATION:
My personal goals in this course are to either master the fundamentals of 
backend programming or have a grasp of how to read and write backend development
code. The skills that I hope to learn in this course are mainly about Databases,
I want to have in-depth learning about it if not possible to master it. I have
always been interested in handling data. I want to have an in-depth knowledge of
how to design databases, write queries, and optimize performances. As a student
who still doesn't have a clear career path in mind, backend development would be
an asset for me. I hope to learn more about data handling and can see myself doing
that professionally.


CHALLENGES AND AREAS FOR IMPROVEMENT:
My personal goals in this course are to either master the fundamentals of backend
programming or have a grasp of how to read and write backend development code.
Specifically, I want to master the skills that compromise data handling. Learning
to read and write backend development, will enable me to understand the integration
of databases on websites, etc. 

The skills that I hope to learn in this course are mainly about databases,
specifically data handling. I want to have in-depth learning about it and if
possible I want to master all the skills regarding data handling. I have always
been interested in organizing and information handling. Upon learning about
databases during our first years in the Information Management Course, I was
thrilled and considered taking Data Analyst or Database Administrator as my
career job.

What I expect to learn in this course is to have an in-depth knowledge of how
to design databases, learn how to create schemas, write CRUD queries, and
understand the concept of optimizing performances. As a student who still doesn't
have a clear career path in mind, backend development would be an asset for me.
I can be open to a lot of career choices especially since I haven't yet decided
what to pursue upon graduating, God willing. I hope to learn more about data
handling and can see myself doing that professionally.


EXPECTATION FROM THE INSTRUCTOR:
My expectation from Sir Elmer as an instructor would be selfish, I would love it
if the teaching techniques, methods, style, and tools would remain the same.
The teaching styles and techniques being utilized are already the best for me.
I am compatible with working under the current teaching methods presented by
Sir Elmer. To further aid my learning and understanding of the course, I recommend
having regular longer breaks. I think it would be beneficial for me to have longer
regular breaks since I can rest my brain and this will also give me more time to
process and understand the lessons properly.


FINAL THOUGHTS:
As I have stated earlier, my direct interest lies specifically in data handling.
I know that backend development is a broad topic to learn in under 2 months for
only 4 hours a week, thus having to master data handling and database and earning
in-depth knowledge about that would not be possible. I would love it if there were
a list of areas to explore even though it is not part of the course lessons
(specifically in data handling).