My Role: Project Manager

As a Project Manager,
there are many things I have learned, and one of those is to be always 
open to the team about the updates and progress of our team. Even if the 
team is not asking, as a Project Manager, I must tell them about our 
progress, especially when the team members show signs of getting 
off-track with the project. I have also learned the gravity of being 
a Project Manager. Without the proper guidance of the Project Managers, 
the team would flop.

As a Project Manager, I must always be responsible and active throughout 
the whole development of the project. I should be a strong-willed person 
and assert my dominance as a Project Manager. Based on my experience 
during the planning and designing phase of our Project, I have given too 
much leeway to my team. I was not strict enough in the work done, which 
resulted in a low-performance level in my team and the project being 
off-track.



Teamwork Experience:

I had many experiences working as part of my team, resulting in positive 
and negative outcomes. Most of my members are new to me, especially when 
working together. During the start of our project initiation, I lacked 
the knowledge of what my team could do, their work ethics, how to handle 
each of them, and their process when delivering their work. 

As someone who knows nothing about my team, it was a challenge for me as 
a leader. The lack of knowledge about my team was the reason why our team
had a lot of problems. There were no clear boundaries, and the team 
members did whatever they wanted. Our developer critiqued the UI/UX and
lacked the motivation to implement the designs because it looked ugly.

I eventually got to know my team members. I also learned how to cater to 
their needs and get their work done to motivate and push their work to 
the limits. Despite all of the things I have learned, there are still 
lapses in our team. For me, improving our team's way of communication by 
mixing both face-to-face and online meetings would be essential to the 
team. A few team members did not attend our meetings due to forgetting to
read online announcements, which negatively impacted other team members. 
The delegation of tasks was so-so since my fellow Project Manager was 
also hesitant about what to do as a Project Manager. We have reflected in
our retrospective meeting, and as a team, the whole problem that needs 
to be addressed and improved is our team communication. Having proper 
team communication will not only boost the collaboration of each member 
but also enable them to help each other in their work.



Personal Growth and Discipline:

As a Project Manager, I want to improve my people-handling skills. As I
have written in my experiences, I lacked the people-handling ability
since I have failed to control and voice out what needs to be said. As a
Project Manager, I want to improve my leadership and communication skills.
I want to be more assertive and strict with how I lead my team. I want to 
be more responsible when handling the project and team members.